Replace links from unity-ci.com to game.ci (#63)
game-ci/documentation: docs/travis/getting-started.md

# Getting started

> We have an example for Travis CI available in the [github mirror of `Unity-CI/unity3d-ci-example`](https://github.com/Unity-CI/unity3d-ci-example). This project is the same as [the one on gitlab](https://gitlab.com/gableroux/unity3d-gitlab-ci-example) to support examples for Travis. You should read the details for [gitlab](http://game.ci/docs/gitlab) _TODO: use a relative link here, didn't take the time to see how_. Activation process is the same. **Here we have what is specific to Travis.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have an example for Travis CI available in the [github mirror of `GameCI/unity3d-ci-example`](https://github.com/game-ci/unity3d-ci-example). This project is the same as [the one on gitlab](https://gitlab.com/gableroux/unity3d-gitlab-ci-example) to support examples for Travis. You should read the details for [gitlab](https://game.ci/docs/gitlab) _TODO: use a relative link here, didn't take the time to see how._ Activation process is the same. **Here we have what is specific to Travis.**
```
